RHIDP-9010: AEM-related changes (#1426)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/customizing-the-appearance/proc-modifying-or-adding-rhdh-custom-menuitem.adoc

`title`:: (Optional) Enter the menu group title. Only required for adding a new custom main menu item. To hide a default main menu item title from the sidebar, set the title as an (`" "`) empty string.
// Update <8> for release 1.6 as this option (currently a  workaround) would be added as a functionality. RHIDP-6333.
`to`:: (Optional) Enter the path that the menu item navigates to. If it is not set, it defaults to the home page.
`priority`:: (Optional) Enter the order of this menu item within its menu level.
`enabled`:: (Optional) If this field is used to display the menu item in the sidebar, set the value to `true`. To hide the menu item from the sidebar, set the value to `false`.

+
[source,yaml]
----
default.main-menu-items:
      menuItems:
        default.catalog:
          icon: category
          title: My Catalog
          priority: 5
        default.learning-path:
          title: ''
        default.parentlist:
          title: Overview
          icon: bookmarks
        default.home:
          parent: default.parentlist
        default.references:
          title: References
          icon: school
          to: /references
          enabled: true
----

> `icon`:: Specifies if you want to change the icon default menu item for the catalog.
> `title`:: Specifies an empty string `" "` to hide the learning path from the default sidebar.
> `default.parentlist`:: Introduces the parent menu item.
> `parent`:: Nests home menu under the `default.parentlist` parent menu item.
> `title`:: Specifies a name for `default.references`
> `icon`:: Displays the `school` icon.
> `to`:: Redirects `default.references` to the `/references` page.
> `enabled`:: (Optional) If this field is used to display the menu item in the sidebar, set the value to `true`. To hide the menu item from the sidebar, set the value to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`icon`:: (Optional) Enter the icon name, such as `category`, bookmarks`, `school`, etc. to change the default icon.
`title`:: Enter an empty string `''` to hide the learning path from the default sidebar.
`default.parentlist`:: Enter the parent menu items.
`parent`:: Enter the parent menu under which to nest the the menu entry, such as `default.parentlist`.
`title`:: Enter the menu entry name, such as `My Catalog`, `Overview` or `References`.
`to`:: Enter the page to redirect to. For example, `default.references` redirects to the `/references` page.
`enabled`:: (Optional) Enter `true` to display the menu item in the sidebar. 
Enter `false` to hide the menu item from the sidebar.
```
